. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
#ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
#ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
#ac_add_options --enable-gstreamer

ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-installer

# PGO
mk_add_options PROFILE_GEN_SCRIPT='$(PYTHON) $(MOZ_OBJDIR)/_profile/pgo/profileserver.py 10'
mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/opt-ff
mk_add_options AUTOCONF=autoconf-2.13
mk_add_options PYTHON=/usr/bin/python2
